samples: tfm: provisioning images rewrite (#10805)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: samples/tfm/provisioning_image_net_core/README.rst

.. _provisioning_image_net_core:

Provisioning image for network core
###################################

.. contents::
   :local:
   :depth: 2

> Running this provisioning image in the network core will disable debugging by enabling the APPROTECT in the UICR register.

Reviewer: Does it need more explaining when or why you would need to do this (disable debugging for network core), or is it given/clear?

Author: In the readme we state that:
"The provisioning images initialize the provisioning process of a device in a manner compatible with Trusted Firmware-M (TF-M)."

The provisioning process of TF-M requires disabling the debugging access. So I hope that it is clear but let me know if you think that we can write it better.

> Running this provisioning image in the network core will disable debugging by enabling the APPROTECT in the UICR register.

Reviewer: If you decide to add the above suggestion, you can make the following change in line 14:
Replace 'Trusted Firmware-M (TF-M)' with 'TF-M'.

> Running this provisioning image in the network core will disable debugging by enabling the APPROTECT in the UICR register.

Author: @mia-ko  Committed the suggestion and replaced the TF-M below.

> This sample is included by default as a child image of the :ref:`provisioning_image` sample which runs on the application core.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This sample is included by default as a child image of the :ref:`provisioning image<provisioning_image>` sample which runs on the application core.
```

.. _provisioning_image_net_core:

Provisioning image for network core
###################################

.. contents::
   :local:
   :depth: 2

Running this provisioning image in the network core will disable the debugging access, as required by the Trusted Firmware-M (TF-M) provisioning process.
The debugging is disabled by enabling the APPROTECT in the UICR register.
This sample is included by default as a child image of the :ref:`provisioning image<provisioning_image>` sample which runs on the application core.

The provisioning images initialize the provisioning process of a device in a manner compatible with TF-M.
The APPROTECT feature is explained in detail in :ref:`app_approtect`.

Requirements
************

The following development kits are supported:

.. table-from-sample-yaml::

Building and running
********************

.. |sample path| replace:: :file:`samples/tfm/provisioning_image_net_core`

.. include:: /includes/build_and_run.txt

Testing
=======

> The sample does not build firmware for the application core and because of that the sample cannot be tested separately.

Reviewer: I missed this one in the last round, I think it's the last one from me:
```suggestion
The sample does not build firmware for the application core and thus cannot be tested separately.
```
